##speed-reading (Personal_Document)


- Highlight Loc. 307-26  | Added on Thursday, March 29, 2012, AM

Before the reading The most important questions that you will ask yourself are listed below. • What is my purpose in reading this material? Think about why you want to read a book, magazine or a journal article. Is it to do with your work? In that case, do you wish to obtain some information that will help with your work? There may be many reasons to read. To increase knowledge, obtain information, to be entertained etc. • What do I know about the subject I will read about? By answering this question you will be able to build upon your existing knowledge base of the subject. You will tap the existing information and link the new information to it. Doing this allows you to retain much more information than would otherwise be possible. • What questions do I want answered? Are there any specific questions you think this reading will answer. If so, what are they? Make a mental note of each of the questions that you have. When you come across the answer during your reading, you will be able to link that information to the question that you had phrased, thus increasing your retention of the information. During the reading As you begin to read, you must reevaluate the information that you have in front of you. The questions that you must ask are. • What is the topic being discussed now? Understand the main idea of the current passage, and how it relates to what came earlier. • What is the organization of the material? Examine how the information presented is organized. Information may be presented in several ways. Some organizational methods are: chronological, comparison, cause/effect, experimental, most important first, least important first etc. • What information is necessary? Skim the paragraph. Find the topic sentence and some of the key words in the passage. Determine if it is important to your purpose. If not, you could probably skip the paragraph and not lose any important information. • What topic is coming next? Try to predict what information will be presented next. This allows you to form stronger links in memory to material that you have already read, and to knowledge that you already possess, therefore retaining more of the new information. After the reading • Did the reading supply the answers to my questions? Did the reading answer your questions? If not, what was missing? • How can I improve my judgment of reading material and choose the one best for me? This will allow you to select better material to answer your questions in the future.


